About Gap year
A few days before my A-level Examination, I heard one of my friends got a conditional offer letter from Hong Kong Baptist University in the Bachelor of Science program. Since then, I have been preparing myself for HKBU. I had the chance to get admitted to a local university just after my A-level result was published. Yet, I did not apply for that. Instead, I chose to boost my knowledge of Data Analysis and apply to HKBU for Fall 2023. I realized, that taking a gap year would create a lot of opportunities for me to explore ways that would contribute to my personal and professional growth. 
Following that trail, I joined a local coaching center. I intended to keep myself in touch with Mathematics and Physics as these are the fundamentals of Computer Science. I've been practicing advanced calculus, linear algebra, statistics, energy, motion, and forces, all of which will help me design software. I've also started teaching a grade 8 student to keep myself involved in mathematics.
I understand that Programming languages are everything in Computer Science. To get expertise with real-world applications of programming languages, I plan to purchase a 6-month online course on Full-Stack web development. I'll be working on several projects during my course where I'll have to put my HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Git, React, and Next Js knowledge to use. I have found a relation between Artificial Intelligence and Data Science. That’s why I plan to learn SQL Languages and buy a course on Artificial Intelligence. This will increase my knowledge of Data Science and make it easier for me to understand the topics.
Alongside programming and studies, I have a keen interest in participating in Olympiads and Volunteer work. I am currently doing an internship under………… which will allow me to learn about computer applications. Additionally, I joined a local club that provides food and clothing to the poor. I wish to participate in any competitions and social events to come. 
I believe that taking a gap year before applying to university will give me time to work on my interests, fix all my lackings, gain practical experience, and become more independent.
Why would you like to study at the program you are applying for in the School of Engineering, Kyushu University?
Programming has been transforming the way we live and reducing human efforts since the creation of the first code-based software application. It has created countless new avenues for innovation in almost every possible sector. Consequently, the world has now become technology-dependent. Moreover, that technology is computer-programmed. Precisely that is the fundamental reason I want to pursue a career in computer science and engineering – to solve real-life problems by programming a machine, go beyond my limits, explore a new way of life, and have a firm grip on my society. I consider Kyushu university to be an appropriate starting point for following my aspirations and accomplishing my professional goals.
I have always wanted to study in a field where I could constantly learn and practice daily. The Electrical Engineering and Computer Science program at Kyushu University fulfills my subject interest as I want to specialize in Programming, Data Structures and Algorithms, and research in Data Science. It has always given me the feeling that I will never get bored with too much theoretical discussion in the university. Here, I will get the opportunity to learn from the world's top professors and design my career according to theirs. I will be able to master programming languages under the supervision of Professor Jianjun Zhao and learn Data Structures and Algorithms under Associate Professor Shunsuke Inenaga to boost my knowledge of Statistics and Programming. With this, I will be able to improve the lives of our society’s least fortunate.   
Kyushu University provides an authentic learning environment for students to expand their knowledge. It contributes to their potential careers in ways ranging from personality to professional growth. Doing internships under the most skillful professors and research with the newest laboratory equipment provides them with short-term workplace practical experience which helps them to obtain top positions in Japan’s job sectors. This is another reason behind the highest employment rate of Kyushu University graduates and who would want to miss that golden opportunity to reach his desired job? Moreover, it draws world-class teaching and research professionals as well as talented students from different corners of the world because of its remarkable excellence in research and outstanding performance in teaching. Thus, I will be able to gain experience in the diversified world and fulfill my enthusiasm for learning both Japanese and foreign languages and their cultures at the same time.
I see Kyushu University as the deep sea that conceals a mysterious, uncharted universe. I am an eager boy who has just learned how to swim and wants to reach its depth to explore unknown territories. Kyushu University not only has a great reputation, but a large community of brilliant students, as well as many academic and non-academic activities, to participate in. With the help of Kyushu University, I will be able to learn every day, give all I have, keep growing, show my true potential on the world stage, and serve my community.  
Please tell us about yourself.  For example: What are your academic strengths and challenges?  What type of activities (volunteer, community service, extra-curricular, leadership positions, etc.) have you participated in? 
What type of certificates/qualifications have you received? 
I was born and raised in a remote village in the Kishoreganj district. After getting a Talent Pool Scholarship in grade 5, I applied to International Hope School Bangladesh, 197 km away from my home, just to achieve my dream and got a 125% scholarship. That is where my journey starts.
Back in grade 8, my curiosity about computers drove me to join our school’s Robotics and Programming Club. This opened the entryway to the modern coding world, where I learned about C++. Later, being naturally intrigued by C++, I tried to learn JavaScript to broaden my programming language skills. After learning the fundamentals of loops and logic, I became obsessed with programming languages. I recently bought an online course on Full-Stack web development and learned SQL languages to prepare for data science.
In high school, I learned advanced calculus, linear algebra, probability, and statistics which will help me get a better grip on data structures. Physics, on the other hand, has taught me the electronics behind computers and boosted my analytical problem-solving capability. As a result, I maintained an average of 85% in grades 9-12. Furthermore, in my IGCSE, I achieved an A* in Economics, English Language, and Additional Mathematics including all the science subjects. This showed me a clear path to my future. I studied Mathematics, Chemistry, Further Mathematics, and Physics in my CIE IAL and obtained an A* in the first two, an A, and a B in the final two respectively. 
I did not stop just learning theories. I researched Kite Energy and tried to design a model to generate electricity in the Physics Project Idea Competition which won first place. People nowadays prefer simplicity. Thus, to improve homes’ quality of life and convenience using remote-controllable devices, I researched Smart Home in the Research Methodology and Physics Project Show which won great appreciation from the judges. Later, to learn about artificial intelligence, I participated in HMPRC, a robotic quiz competition, and won the second prize. I also participated in our school’s STEM Festival to improve my knowledge of technology. Apart from competitions, I consider Football a part of me. Representing our school football team in several tournaments has provided me with many opportunities to sharpen my leadership, communication skills, and confidence. 
Returning it to my community has always been my priority. Following that trail, I volunteered at Bangla Olympiad and an international contest, Owlypia, where I developed my management abilities. Currently, I am a Researcher at our school's Media and Photography Club, where my task is to assist with the graphical design and presentations. During the winter, we create videos to raise funds to provide food and clothing to the needy. I am also a member of YSCS, a charity that supports the underprivileged.
All in all, I am a dreamer. My dreams and aspirations drive my life, and these aspirations are possibilities for a better and brighter future. I wish to participate in any opportunity I get to achieve my goal.
[Need to write about why this university (Research about the program)]
Over the past few decades, the world has transited towards automation. We have seen changes that could not be imagined back at the turn of the millennium. However, it would not be possible without the help of programming languages. The algorithms of programming languages define the grammar and semantics of machines that allow programmers to communicate with them. By seeing the rapid popularity of these languages, I can sense that there are still colossal developments to come, and in this era of digital transformation, I would like to gain the skills to be able to contribute to the field of computer science, where innovations keep advancing not only technically but also by maintaining infinite scopes for creativity and logic. The Computer Science program at ………(University Name) fulfills my subject interest as it has an excellent ………… (Department Name) Department. For that very reason, I think ………(University Name)…would be the best option for me to learn and prove myself.
My introduction to computers occurred during my childhood. The magic created by that new generation of equipment has always fascinated me. Being naturally intrigued by computers, I joined the computer club at my middle school, which had opened the entryway to the modern world of coding, where I got to learn about C++. Following that trail, I took the most advanced courses in mathematics, chemistry, and physics at my A-level to challenge myself and make sure that I was well-prepared for university. While physics has taught me the electronics behind the computer, studying calculus in further mathematics has taught me to work with algorithms, self-analyzed computational thinking, and accurately model real-world solutions. Additionally, I took Economics in my O’Level to understand the market strategy and real-life situations. Effective teaching and appropriate direction through tutoring in my school helped me construct a solid foundation. Moreover, participating in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) competitions has helped me identify my real potential and prepared me for studying Computer Science. On the other hand, participating in several Physics Olympiads, especially the Bangladesh Physics Olympiad, has boosted my critical thinking and prepared me for future competitive exams.
Since childhood, I have always wanted to study in a field where I could constantly learn and practice every day. For that very reason, I want to be a software engineer and bring positive change globally. Applications, where I may learn in-depth information about software testing, software architecture, and extended programming languages like Python and JavaScript, pique my attention. I'm interested in how software is created. I want to be skeptical in order to learn more about and have a better knowledge of the complexities of programming languages, which will enable me to develop more helpful solutions for those in need.
I want to pursue a research career, and later, I want to work for multinational technology companies such as Apple Inc., Microsoft, etc. I would also like to intern during summer vacations. .………(University name) is regarded as a dynamic, all-encompassing university with top-tier standing on a global scale. It draws world-class teaching and research professionals as well as talented students because of its remarkable excellence in research and outstanding performance in teaching. Moreover, the weather and culture of ……..(Country) are pretty similar to my home country. It will help me to adapt to the environment in ……..(Country) very quickly. (Want to experience if weather is different) Therefore, I believe my dream can be fulfilled if I get the chance to study at ……….(University Name).
Background and Interest
I was born and raised in Kishoreganj, and currently, I am completing my 12th grade at International Hope School Bangladesh, in Dhaka, 123 kilometers away from my parents, just to achieve my dream. 
Talking about my educational background, I attended Sunshine Kindergarten School till class 5 and graduated with a 95 percent average. Later, I enrolled at Kishoreganj Govt Boys High School and maintained the same level of performance. Bengali was the medium of instruction at that school. Two years later, I opted to attend an English Medium school and enrolled at International Hope School Bangladesh, where I received a full scholarship. Until 11th grade, I maintained an average of 85 percent. I achieved 8A*s in my IGCSEs, as well as 2A*, one A and one B in my GCE A ‘Level.
When it comes to interests, I have a strong inclination toward reading and writing. Through writing, I can create multiple characters, and I get the chance to live them through reading. This enabled me to win first place in our school's Essay Writing Competition for two years in a row and become our school's Gold Star Reader. Additionally, I have a passion for computer games and making presentations. Since I am a sportsman, I am a regular football and cricket player on the school squad. I lead our school team in several tournaments. It wasn’t easy to get on the team. My determination and desire have aided in the creation of my position. In my free time, I enjoy playing table tennis and chess.
Returning it back to my community has always been my priority. Following that trail, I volunteered at Bangla Olympiad and two international contests, World Scholars Cup and Owlypia, where I gained new experiences and developed my communication abilities. I have participated in various competitions where I tried to come up with innovative ideas. These competitions include Physics Project Idea Competition, where I demonstrated how to convert kite energy to electricity and won first place. I also participated in Research Methodology and Physics project show where I researched wireless electricity transfer. Currently, I am the researcher at my school’s Media and Photography club assisting with the graphical design and presentations. I also became 2nd in the HMPRC quiz Competition. Moreover, acting in school drama helped me overcome my stage fright while participating in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics Festival has improved my presentation skills. Participating in these extracurricular activities taught me how to put leadership, hard work, patience, and team management into practice and helped me ensure my workload capability in a very rigorous Science program.
All in all, I am a dreamer. My dreams and aspirations drive my life, and these aspirations are possibilities for a better and brighter future.
Over the past few decades, the world has transited towards automation. We have seen changes that could not be imagined back at the turn of the millennium. Yet in my home country, 60% people are farmers and about 28% of them suffers from poverty due to lack of communication and proper information. Majority of the traditional applications created to help the farmers are full of complexities and cannot serve according to the unique needs of the people. Poor design and architecture, which makes it difficult for people to understand the instructions, is a significant factor behind this. For, that very reason, I want to major in computer science and master programming languages and learn the fundamentals behind telecommunication tools and build more simpler applications and better telecommunication systems to provide them access to their required information. I wish to improve agricultural productivity with an ultimate aim to eradicate poverty and I consider your university to be a suitable starting point for following my aspirations and accomplishing my professional goals.
My introduction to computers occurred during my childhood. The magic created by this new generation equipment has always fascinated me. I have always been curious about what’s inside that CPU, what makes the computer run games and other applications. To know more about them, I joined the Robotics and Programming Club in my school. This had opened the entryway to the modern world of coding, where I got to learn about C++. After learning the fundamentals of loops and logic, I fell in love with Programming Languages and currently I am planning to buy an online course on Full-Stack web development to get the experience of real-life applications of programming languages.
In my high school, I learned advanced calculus, algebra and statistics that will help me on data structures and Back-End web development. On the other hand, Physics has taught me the electronics behind computers and boosted my analytic problem-solving capability. I wish to boost my learning and study in a field where I could constantly learn and practice every day. Computer Science has always given me the feel that I will never get bored with too much theoretical discussion in the university and I will get unique opportunities for internships. Moreover, I will get the opportunity to research on 
My introduction to computers occurred during my childhood. The magic created by this new generation of equipment has always fascinated me. I have always been curious about what’s inside that CPU, what makes the computer run games, and other applications. To know more about them, I joined the Robotics and Programming Club at my school. This opened the entryway to the modern coding world, where I learned about C++. Later, being naturally intrigued by C++, I tried to learn Python to broaden my programming language skills. After learning the fundamentals of loops and logic, I became obsessed with programming languages, and currently, I am planning to buy an online course on Full-Stack web development to get the experience of real-life applications of programming languages.
In high school, I learned advanced calculus, linear algebra, probability, and statistics which will help me get a better grip on data structures and Back-End web development; while Physics has taught me the electronics behind computers and boosted my analytic problem-solving capability, Economics, on the other hand, made me understand the market strategy and real-life situations. Effective teaching and appropriate direction through tutoring in my school helped me construct a solid foundation. As a result, I achieved A* in all my IGCSE subjects including Additional Mathematics, Accounting, and Economics. This showed me a clear path to my future. I took Mathematics, Chemistry, Further Mathematics, and Physics in my CIE IAL and achieved A* in the first two, an A, and a B in the last two accordingly. 
I did not stop just learning theories. To gain practical experience with the theory I learned, I researched Kite Energy and tried to find a way to generate electricity in Physics Project Idea Competition and won first place. People nowadays prefer simplicity. Thus, to improve the quality of life and convenience in the home using energy-efficient and remote-controllable devices, I researched Smart Home in Research Methodology and Physics Project Show which won great appreciation from the judges. Later, to gain knowledge of artificial intelligence, I participated in HMPRC, a robotic quiz competition, and won the second prize. I also participated in our school’s STEM Festival to improve my presentation skills and dedication to technology.  
When it comes to interests, I have a strong inclination toward reading and writing. Through writing, I can create multiple characters, and I get the chance to live them through reading. This enabled me to win first place in our school's Essay Writing Competition for two years in a row and become our school's Gold Star Reader. On the other hand, I consider Football a part of me. Representing our school football team in several tournaments has provided me with a lot of opportunities to sharpen my leadership, communication skills, and confidence.
Returning it back to my community has always been my priority. Following that trail, I volunteered at Bangla Olympiad and two international contests, World Scholars Cup and Owlypia, where I gained new experiences and developed my communication abilities. Currently, I am working as a Researcher at Media and Photography Club in our school, where my task is to assist with the graphical design and presentations. During the winter, we create videos to raise funds to provide food and clothing to the needy. I am also a member of YSCS, a charity that supports the underprivileged.
All in all, I am a dreamer. My dreams and aspirations drive my life, and these aspirations are possibilities for a better and brighter future.
23rd November 2022
To,
Admission Committee
Dear Concern,
I am writing this letter in support of my application for a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science under the 'Stipendium Hungaricum Scholarship Program 2023/24'.
I was born and raised in a remote village in the Kishoreganj district. After getting a Talent Pool Scholarship in grade 5, I applied to International Hope School Bangladesh, 104 km away from my home, just to achieve my dream and got a 100% scholarship. That is where my journey starts.
Back in grade 8, my curiosity about computers drove me to join our school’s Robotics and Programming Club. This opened the entryway to the modern coding world, where I learned about C++. Later, being naturally intrigued by C++, I tried to learn JavaScript to broaden my programming language skills. After learning the fundamentals of loops and logic, I became obsessed with programming languages. I recently bought an online course on Full-Stack web development and learned SQL languages to prepare for data science.
In high school, I learned advanced calculus, linear algebra, probability, and statistics which will help me get a better grip on data structures. Physics, on the other hand, has taught me the electronics behind computers and boosted my analytical problem-solving capability. As a result, I could easily maintain an average of 85% in grades 9-12. Furthermore, in my IGCSE, I achieved an A* in Economics, English Language, and Additional Mathematics including all the science subjects. This showed me a clear path to pursue my career in Data Science major.
Three years ago, while surfing through websites and articles about Bangladeshi government service sectors, I came to realize that they are in dire need of a data analyst, especially when the whole world is data-dependent. While other countries have been working on Data analysis and decision support using artificial intelligence, Bangladesh is doing it manually and with lower efficiency due to a lack of skilled analysts, where data security is a major concern. At that moment, all my energy inside me rushed together to pursue a career in computer science and data—to solve real-life problems by programming a machine, go beyond my limits, explore a new way of life, and have a firm grip on my society. 
As I kept browsing through websites on this area, the subject of Information science caught my attention. At that point, I started searching for universities that would offer me an opportunity to pursue my goal of becoming a data analyst. Soon after, I came across Keio University’s specific GIGA program of Environment and Information Studies as it has an emphasis on interdisciplinary studies, technology, and the environment. I started consulting my seniors, some of whom currently reside in Tokyo. 
After getting some positive feedback from seniors about Keio University, I understood that the outer environment matters as much as the university, especially when it comes to practical learning and internships. A country developed in technology and business, like Japan, is the best place for me to learn about and experiment with the latest technologies, and what institution but Keio University has the most skilled professors? 4 international campuses for undergraduates and the Shonan Fujisawa Media Centre and Information Technology Centre with the latest equipment will always come handy during my research. It will contribute to my potential career, from personality to professional growth, along with expanding my knowledge. Moreover, it has drawn professionals as well as talented students from 82 countries from different corners of the world because of its remarkable excellence in research and teaching. Thus, I will be able to gain experience in a diversified world and fulfill my enthusiasm for learning both Japanese and foreign languages and their cultures at the same time. As Keio University has 12 dormitories, that means I don’t have to worry about my accommodation. My 6 years of dormitory stay would help me adapt to the new environment in the fastest time possible.
In the first year, I will be learning some core courses to build my foundation in programming and mathematics at the Shonan Fujisawa campus. My high-school knowledge of Further Mathematics and Statistics as well as Python for Artificial Intelligence course, SQL, and Power BI courses will keep me one step ahead of other students. In the second year, I will have a deeper knowledge of the topics I learned in the first year, for example, Database Architecture, Introduction to Data Acquisition, and many more courses. I know that I may face difficulties learning Japanese. The Kenkyukai will provide me with the best opportunity to meet with seniors, professors as well as classmates to solve my problems alongside learning Japanese. Finally, in the fourth year, I will be completing two Graduation Projects fulfilling the requirements, becoming a Gakushikoho with the help of a mentor. Thus, I will be able to complete the 124 credits completing my graduation. 
I see Keio University as the deep sea that conceals a mysterious, uncharted universe. I am an eager boy who has just learned how to swim and wants to reach its depths to explore unknown territories. Keio University not only has a great reputation but also a large community of brilliant students as well as many academic and non-academic activities to participate in. With the help of Keio University, I will be able to learn every day, give all I have, keep growing, show my true potential on the world stage, and serve my community.
Programming has been transforming the way we live and reducing human efforts since the creation of the first code-based software application. It has created countless new avenues for innovation in almost every possible sector. Consequently, the world has now become technology-dependent. Moreover, that technology is computer-programmed. Precisely that is the fundamental reason I want to pursue a career in computer science and engineering – to solve real-life problems by programming a machine, go beyond my limits, explore a new way of life, and have a firm grip on my society. I consider Mount Allison University to be an appropriate starting point for following my aspirations and accomplishing my professional goals. I have always wanted to study in a field where I could constantly learn and practice daily. The Computer Science program at Mount Allison University fulfills my subject interest as I want to specialize in Programming, Data Structures and Algorithms, and research in Data Science. It has always given me the feeling that I will never get bored with too much theoretical discussion at the university. Here, I will get the opportunity to learn from the world's top professors and design my career according to theirs. I will be able to master Computer Vision and Machine Learning under the supervision of Assistant Professor Michael Cormier and learn Data Structures and Algorithms under Associate Professor Liam Keliher to boost my knowledge of Statistics and Programming. With this, I will be able to improve the lives of our society’s least fortunate. Mount Allison University provides an authentic learning environment for students to expand their knowledge. It contributes to their potential careers in ways ranging from personality to professional growth. Doing internships under the most skillful professors and research with the newest laboratory equipment provides them with short-term workplace practical experience which helps them to obtain top positions in Canada’s job sectors. This is another reason behind the highest employment rate of Mount Allison University graduates and who would want to miss that golden opportunity to reach his desired job? Moreover, it draws world-class teaching and research professionals as well as talented students from different corners of the world because of its remarkable excellence in research and outstanding performance in teaching. Thus, I will be able to gain experience in the diversified world and fulfill my enthusiasm for learning French, English, and other foreign languages and their cultures at the same time. I see Mount Allison University as the deep sea that conceals a mysterious, uncharted universe. I am an eager boy who has just learned how to swim and wants to reach its depth to explore the unknown territories. Mount Allison University not only has a great reputation, but a large community of brilliant students, as well as many academic and non-academic activities, to participate in. With the help of Mount Allison University, I will be able to learn every day, give all I have, keep growing, show my true potential on the world stage, and serve my community.
In a little village on the outskirts of Dhaka, there lived a boy. Not a boy who was particularly well-off, but a boy whose family made the best of what they had. One particular winter, however, that was to change; for his father had lost his job and their livelihood was at peril. Their need was desperate. 
Far away, in a school bus bearing winter clothes and other necessities, was me: another boy from a reality quite disconnected to the former. I had signed up for our school charity club for the sole purpose of travelling and I had no shame in admitting it. I was not ignorant of the struggles of life, but for the moment being, surrounded by music and the chatter of people, the wind whipping my face, it was difficult to think of this errand as anything other than a trip; which is why, it was remarkable how I returned home that night, a completely changed man.
Upon reaching, we made a circuitous route of the village, taking in our surroundings. Houses stood derelict, yet oddly cared for, giving clear signs of a people trying to make the best of their situation. We talked to some of the residents and I remember one man standing out to me in particular, a father who had a son my age, telling us how it had become very difficult to facilitate his son's education because he had lost his job. I felt a shiver crawl down my spine. My situation had been no different just a few years back. My face burnt at the thought of my primary motive to accompany my school on this journey.
As I had stood there, distributing clothes, watching faces beam so bright they could have powered a lighthouse, emotions overwhelmed me. Apart from the fact that what I was doing there felt like nothing short of a duty after what I had been through, a totally different sort of peace engulfed me, a peace quite different from the one I derived from playing soccer. I was making a difference, and it was essential.
I sat on the rooftop, absent-mindedly star gazing. My parents just had a huge row, and if I had heard right, we might be relocating to our village soon. Apparently, we had gone from being owners of a wealthy business to owners of an insurmountable amount of debt in the blink of an eye. I heard my parents having a whispered discussion about what they would have to sell to buy food for the next day. 
Nothing in this world came for free; for everything we must pay. My life’s ambitions seemed far-fetched. Yet giving up was never in the cards. When things go wrong, you don’t go with them. The problem came with the solution. The path to my education was tutoring others. Besides keeping me occupied, it came with bread for the herd. 
Looking back, I am glad of the way I shaped my life. Taking inspiration from what Cooper said in the movie “Interstellar”, I would much rather look at the sky and wonder at our place in the stars, giving it my best, than hopelessly worry about our place in the dirt.
ANAYED HOSSAIN ESHAN
01/15/2023
Two years ago, while surfing through websites and articles about Bangladeshi government service sectors, I came to realize that they are in dire need of a data analyst, especially when the whole world is data-dependent. While other countries have been working on Data analysis and decision support using artificial intelligence, Bangladesh is doing it manually and with lower efficiency due to a lack of skilled analysts, where data security is a major concern. At that moment, all my energy inside me rushed together to pursue a career in computer science and data—to solve real-life problems by programming a machine, go beyond my limits, explore a new way of life, and have a firm grip on my society.
Looking back on my life, I see that experiences are case and time-sensitive. It has clearly shown me that the seed for Computer Science has been sown deep down in my heart a long time ago.
It all started when I got my International Hope School Bangladesh’s Merit Scholarship in grade 7. A 12-year-old boy from a remote village was suddenly brought to an environment completely different from his comfort zone, his village. I was given an infinite opportunity to learn alongside the other nine merit students and play with modern technologies. Back in grade 8, my curiosity about computers drove me to join our school’s Robotics and Programming Club. This opened the entryway to the modern coding world, where I learned about the basics of Python and Artificial Intelligence. Later, being naturally intrigued, I tried to learn SQL to broaden my programming language skills. After learning the fundamentals, I became obsessed with programming languages. Recently, I bought an online course on Data Science, and I am currently learning Power BI to prepare myself for data visualizations.
In high school, I learned advanced calculus, linear algebra, probability, and statistics, which are the core of data science. Physics, on the other hand, has taught me the electronics behind computers and boosted my analytical problem-solving capability. As a result, I could easily maintain an average of 85% in grades 9–12. Now that I am heading for university, I believe my knowledge from school will finally come in handy and help me get a better grip on data structures.
I did not stop learning theories. I have researched different science topics to improve my practical knowledge such as creating electricity with Kite Energy, improving homes’ convenience using remote-controllable devices, and many more. These topics have helped me achieve some of the highest positions at different Science competitions, for example,1st position at Physics Project Idea Competition, Top Ten projects at STEM Fest, etc. I have also completed an internship at a local studio that has given me short job experience. Apart from these competitions, I am a football player. I consider football a part of me. Representing our school football team in several tournaments has provided me with many opportunities to sharpen my leadership, communication skills, and confidence.
ESSAY: REASON FOR APPLICATION
With all these extracurricular activities and experiences, I started searching for universities that would offer me an opportunity to pursue my goal of becoming a data analyst. As I kept browsing through websites on this area, I came across Waseda University’s specific School of Fundamental Science and Engineering program as it has an emphasis on interdisciplinary studies and technology. Moreover, it offers a major in Computer Science and Communication Engineering that fulfills my subject interest. Thus, I started consulting my seniors, some of whom currently reside in Tokyo and study at Waseda University.
Listening to seniors’ opinions, I understood that the outer environment matters as much as the university, especially when it comes to practical learning and internships. A country developed in technology and business, like Japan, is the best place for me to learn about and experiment with the latest technologies, and what institution but Waseda University has the most skilled professors? 8 campuses, with Shinjuku being the main and offering the most facilities, and the Computer Rooms with 460 computers and the latest equipment will always come in handy during my research. It will contribute to my potential career, from personality to professional growth, along with expanding my knowledge. Moreover, professionals and talented students from over 100 countries from different corners of the world will introduce me to a diversified world and fulfill my enthusiasm for learning both Japanese and foreign languages and their cultures at the same time.
Should I be selected, I will complete the mandatory courses in the first two years. Then in the third year, I will study Databases, Information Mathematics, Statistics, and many more interesting topics. I will work very hard to learn and represent my university internationally and help it achieve its ultimate goal to become the world’s best research university. I would love to research the latest technology and find better, more efficient data management methods. I don’t want to stop there. I will do internships during summer and winter vacations to get real-life work experience. After completing my Bachelor’s degree, I wish to pursue Computer Science and Communications Engineering at Master’s Degree at Waseda University. This will give me a deeper knowledge of Computer Science. After completing my postgraduate degree, I wish to contribute my knowledge to the Japanese community by working there and later returning to my country to spread the knowledge I gained from the university.
I see Waseda University as the deep sea that conceals a mysterious, uncharted universe. I am an eager boy who has just learned how to swim and wants to reach its depths to explore unknown territories. Waseda University not only has a great reputation but also a large community of brilliant students as well as many academic and non-academic activities to participate in. With the help of Waseda University, I will be able to learn every day, give all I have, keep growing, show my true potential on the world stage, and serve my community.
A few days before my A-level Examination, I heard one of my friends got a conditional offer letter from Hong Kong Baptist University in the Bachelor of Science program. Since then, I have been preparing myself for HKBU. I had the chance to get admitted to a local university just after my A-level result was published. Yet, I did not apply for that. Instead, I chose to boost my knowledge of Data Analysis and apply to HKBU for Fall 2023. I realized, that taking a gap year would create a lot of opportunities for me to explore ways that would contribute to my personal and professional growth.
Following that trail, I joined a local coaching center. I intended to keep myself in touch with Mathematics and Physics as these are the fundamentals of Computer Science. I've been practicing advanced calculus, linear algebra, statistics, energy, motion, and forces, all of which will help me with data analytics. I've also started teaching a grade 8 student to keep myself involved in mathematics.
I understand that Programming languages are everything in Computer Science. To get expertise with real-world applications of programming languages, I plan to purchase a 6-month online course on Data Science. I'll be working on several projects during my course where I'll have to learn and imply R, Java, and Python as well as Machine Learning and Visualization. I have found a relation between Artificial Intelligence and Data Science. That’s why I plan to learn SQL Languages and buy a course on Artificial Intelligence. This will increase my knowledge of Data Science and make it easier for me to understand the topics.
Alongside programming and studies, I have a keen interest in participating in Olympiads and Volunteer work. I recently joined a local club that provides food and clothing to the poor. I wish to participate in any competitions and social events to come.
I believe that taking a gap year before applying to university will give me time to work on my interests, fix all my lackings, gain practical experience, and become more independent.
It’s a great delight to write a few words about Mr. Iftekhar Mahmud Ratul, one of the most students I have taught in my career. He has completed his O'level and A-level Mathematics and Further Mathematics under my guidance. During this time as his teacher, I have had the opportunity to observe Ratul in class both academically and personally.
As a student of mathematics, he can be rated as highly talented; very quick to grasp the main idea of the topic. Supported by the evidence of his intellectual capacity and reasoning skills I encountered during my teaching experience with him, I am bound to rate him among the top 1% of my students. His knowledge of basic mathematical topics is excellent and I am confident that this will help him immensely in pursuing higher studies in more advanced topics of any subject he chooses.
He has been under my supervision for more than one and a half years. Being his dormitory warden I have witnessed his growth and prosperity. He never failed to amaze me. His mentality, intellectual endeavor, and leadership skills made him the perfect example of a scholarship student. I have never heard any complaints about him from any of the teachers during the period when I was his acting guardian. Before the O'level exam, his father had lost his job, his family encountered a tough situation. But his fighting spirit never left him alone. My role as a guardian and teacher to him makes me proud to any extent.
Apart from academic activities, he is actively involved in several extra-curricular activities. He is a gifted Soccer player and athletic representing the school in various sports events and tournaments of table tennis, and football. He has also achieved great distinction in so many science Olympiads, and science project fairs both in and outside school.
Ratul has a strong personality and excellent leadership and communication (both written and oral) skills that set him apart from most of his peers. He is self-motivated and independent in his thinking process. He is someone who helps his mom in the kitchen despite the social norm in Bangladesh being against men doing household chores. This only adds more to his already existing empathetic character thriving to bring about inevitable changes to social problems.
Ratul is very pleasant when it comes to attitude towards people around him. He is very friendly and always keeps an excellent relationship with his fellow students. He is always ready to help his friends in both academic and non-academic matters, something very much suited to his character. I personally believe, he is well-prepared (both mentally and physically) to deal with the challenges he is likely to face while adapting to a new culture and unfamiliar social structure while pursuing studies abroad. 
It is very unfortunate that a talented individual like Ratul couldn’t still commence higher studies despite getting accepted to several universities, due to a great deal of financial crisis his family is facing currently. But still motivated by his highly accepting nature, he is keen on moving forward, which is why he started working as an assistant teacher in school after graduating, making fruitful use of time like he always does. He is fervently working to coordinate school alumni and arrange activities for them every weekend. The good thing is, that he is learning some important life lessons amidst this pandemic and turning his life into a more valuable one.
To whom it may concern, 
It is a great pleasure for me to recommend Eshan to your undergraduate program. He is one of the most extraordinary students I have encountered in my teaching career. As his school counselor for the past four years, I have witnessed the contributions he made to our school community. Not only is he an excellent and hard-working student, but he has dedicated himself to enriching the lives of students and faculty around him. Eshan is truly special for his compassion and commitment to helping others.
I am grateful that I had the opportunity to not only observe him as a school counselor but also as his hostel warden and class teacher. He would frequently come to me and share his thoughts about his career and current situations, a student with a clear vision of his future. That’s where I got to know about his passion for statistics and advanced calculus where he shone the most. I would often see him sitting in the corner of the library with a calculator in his hand making a continuous blaring sound like an old typewriter. True scholar, aspiring mathematician, and active leader are all titles that can be given to Eshan. Apart from studies, he has participated in several interschool and national science and mathematics competitions where he demonstrated his creative and problem-solving skills that surprised everyone.
Eshan’s abiding interest, however, is data science. He wishes to become a data scientist and learn about Artificial Intelligence to contribute to the community. I see a lot of potential in him and by seeing his contribution to the society, one could easily call him a future leader. He was the Researcher of our school’s Media and Photography Club, where he played an active role in creating videos during winter to raise funds to provide food and clothing to the needy. He has also actively led by example and with a strong work ethic throughout his high school classes. In his classes, he leads by helping others and truly enjoying learning with his peers and teachers. He connects with his teachers and continually desires to learn more.
Eshan is as dedicated to his sports as he is to his academics. Football is a huge part of Eshan’s life. He has been a dedicated and driven member of the school’s football team. His athletic talent has led the team to the finals of several tournaments. Football has strengthened Eshan’s organizational skills, time management ability, work ethic, and leadership skills.
Eshan’s personal qualities are as impressive as his intellectual accomplishments. An extremely kind, sensitive, and sensible boy, he is always ready to impress everyone with his characteristics and skills. His resilience, positivity, and humor are especially astounding given the challenges he has overcome in his life. As a student living in the school dormitory 100 miles away from home with a Merit Scholarship since his 6th grade, Eshan's strength of character has not only helped him adapt to a new home, culture, and language, but it also serves as an education and inspiration to others. He has exhausted all that we have to offer him in this small community, and the maturity that he has demonstrated leads me to believe him capable of entering your college. Please do not hesitate to contact me at @ for any further information.
Md Abul Khair Abdullah
School Counselor and Economics Teacher
International Hope School Bangladesh
Imagine a young girl who is growing up in the shadows of a remote mountain in Pakistan’s Swat Valley where she is judged on her every steps, where there is clash between the ideologies of modernity and extremism. In a region where girls education is often seen as an controversial issue, where women are kept within strict boundaries with their potential destroyed by centuries-old-customs, Malala Yousufzai not only pursued her studies but also raised voice for the one in shadow. She refused to bow to resisting forces surrounding her, not even when she got shot by Talibans. She hasn’t stopped yet. Her journey is one of the most remarkable transformations. It is not just a tale of survival but of a resilience in the face of violence and adversity for which earned her the Nobel Prize in peace in 2014. This paper will dive into how she transformed from a shy girl to a powerful symbol of hope and change and how she set for the mission for education and equality. 
Malala was born on 12th July in 1997 in Mingora, Pakistan. Her father, Ziauddin Yousafzai, was a strong supporter of women’s education even when the society was completely against it. He established Khushal Girls’ School in Swat, where Malala studied . His ideas ignited Malala’s understanding of the importance of learning which inspired her to advocate for equal access to education for girls . On the other hand, her mother, Toor Pekai Yousafzai helped her a lot to fight against the odds although she herself was not educated . Moreover, in Malala's memoir I Am Malala, she mentioned about one of her closest friend, Moniba who would listen to her ideas and encouraged her to continue fighting for the right . These influences was on the root of her movement which further developed at the age of 11 when she started writing a blog for the BBC Urdu under the pseudonym Gul Makai, describing life under the Taliban’s rule. This was her first public act of defiance where she shared her fears and hopes to getting education as well as put reflections on the societal restrictions on girls to access learning .
As time passed, she continued raising her voice. However, this was not easy. As the Taliban gained the power of Swat Valley, her against girl’s education made her target of the Taliban which lead to constant threats against her life and family. She kept committed to her position, speaking out to local and international platforms ignoring the danger and shortly she became a famous figure in her area as well as in international platforms. She kept writing on the BBC blog about the unfair position of women is Pakistan. That’s when the life changing moment of her life occurred. In a morning of October 9, 2012, at the age of 15, she got shot by a Taliban while returning home from the school. The Taliban did not want to lose their patriarchal system and was committed to uproot any threat against them. Then as she was recovering from the wound caused by the gunshot, she had to move to Birmingham, UK for better medical care. By that time, the threats against her family increased. They wanted to silent her, but little did they know about awaking her full potential. This news of her getting shot got global attention, changing her role in the society. Her community shaped her life and her journey became the international symbol for education and women’s right . 
Another important change in her life was caused by the ongoing gender inequality in the international community. In many African and Asian countries women were still behind men. They were valued less and their opportunities and freedom were very limited. When she was recovering, she thought of doing something to save these women. At the age of 13, she partnered with her father to create a non-profit organization that helps ensuring to access 12 years of free , safe and quality education. This fund operates through creative partnerships and supports from local educators and runs in countries like Pakistan, Afghanistan, Nigeria, India, Brazil, Ethiopia, Turkey and Lebanon. It’s main aim is to promote gender equality and raise awareness about the importance of girl’s education. The Malala Fund also created the Education Champion Network to support local educators and advocates . 
Although her contributions are widely accepted, they are not without controversies. In countries like Pakistan and Afghanistan, her collaboration with Western countries and her decisions to live abroad has lead to mixed reactions about her works. Some criticizes the authenticity of her activism as she lives far the real situations in there . However, this has motivated her even more. She had effectively used various media including blogs, speeches and even writing autobiographies like “I am Malala” to share her views to the whole world. Beyond her activities, Malala also had impacts on making policies and the global education sector. Her speeches, like the one she gave at the United Nations Youth Assembly in 2013, have been very impactful on global perspectives on women’s rights and education. She urged leaders there to prioritize education for all children as it is basic right of human being, saying, “Let us pick up our books and our pens. They are our most powerful weapons”. This speech had received global applause . Moreover, she used poetry and Pashtun mythology to connect herself with a broader audience and create a community where people respects her views and sacrifices .  
In her book “We Are Displaced”, she wrote on the displacement crisis that forced her to leave her motherland and on how education can rebuild lives. She wrote about the life experiences like independence and creativity values, that discriminated women could relate. This made advocating for not only Pakistani girls but also displaced children worldwide . She even said the famous quote, "One child, one teacher, one book, one pen can change the world." This quote reflects her life. She showed that with a smallest tools like pen and paper can change the whole world. 
On October 10, 2014, Malala Yusufzai was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for her relentless fights for girls power and freedom. He won it for never giving up, despite the challenges she faced. She won it becoming the youngest recipient of Nobel Prize in the history of this award. The Nobel Committee recognized her courage and leadership in the global movements for girls education. They prasied the for standing up against Taliban and for raising the voice for rights. She even donated the money she got from the Nobel Committee. Apart from Nobel Prize, she received numerous other awards for her work. She was honured with Anne Frank Award for human rights on on October 29, 2013 and made it into the list of Time Magazine’s top 100 most influential person for 3 consecutive years: 2013, 2014 and 2015. She has also won the International Children's Peace Prize and was given the honorary Canadian citizenship on April 12, 2017 . All of these awards were necessary to expand her advocacy that could not only change her but also other’s life.
Yet, her advocacy is not limited to writing and speeches only. Malala continued her education in the UK and earned admission to the prestigious Oxford university in 2017. She was studying Philosophy, Politics and Economics. She needed the knowledge to engange more with the outer world and that’s why learning more about politics and economies were very important. These had not only reflected on her learning but also helped her address the systemic global challenges . She was actively engaged in meeting with the global leaders and asking for promoting rights. In 2020, she participated in a global summit in the United States that focused on education in unreachable areas and refugee communities.  She also released a report in 2022 that examined barriers to education for girls in those areas pointing out the solutions . In addition to that, Malala continued collaborating with the Malala Fund, expanding it in more countries. Recently, Malala Fund received the International Rule of Law Award for its efforts to fight against gender inequality. As of now, she is working with Horia Mosadiq, an Afghan human rights defender, who has spent over 30 years campaigning for justice. Malala is participating is a documentary named “Bread & Roses” alongside the actress Jennifer Lawrence to highlight the struggles faced by Afghan women under Taliban rules . 
In conclusion, Malala’s life has been transformed by all the challenges she faced in her life. Her parents have played a very important role in showing her the right path and she continued it. It was further changed by the restrictive rules that she grew up seeing. That’s what is the turning point is her life along with getting shot by Taliban gunman. This had helped her become what she is today and gained her publicity. Her works has been inspiring thousands of people who thought it is not possible. She has become the hope for women who never thought of changing the world, who wanted justice and equality, wanting to contributing to the society. Her legacy is proof that even in the face of extreme adversity, one voice, one girl, can change the world.
Social media platforms, especially Instagram, are now a vital part of everyone’s lives in this digital era. It enables users to share their moments, and opinions for a wide audience to view, and engage with them. Although, some posit that Instagram content can help them express their identities by fulfilling their desire for building relationships, self-enhancement, and sharing socially (Flecha-Ortíz et al., 2019 as cited in Lu & Lin, 2022), this essay, however, argues that Instagram hurts its users' social comparison—a phenomenon where individuals compare themselves to others, evaluation and sentiments of oneself, and may have negative perceptions about their physical appearance (Tiggemann et al., 2018 as cited in Kim & Kim, 2023). The main reasons behind this backlash can be attributed to Instagram promoting fanciful beauty such as unrealistic body images, the psychological factors associated with different Instagram features that are making its users more dependent on it, and the addictive nature of Instagram.
In the realm of social media, the propagation of unrealistic body images remains one of the major profound impacts of Instagram. With celebrities and influencers becoming more popular and exhibiting their seemingly perfect bodies, it has created a distorted perception of beauty and body standards. Consequently, people are forcing themselves more on posting the idealized version of themselves by using various editing features available on Instagram (Hu et al. 2014 as cited in Kim & Kim, 2023), which can contribute to higher body dissatisfaction and reduced self-appreciation (Tiggemann and Anderberg, 2020). Besides, by spending more time on social media, people are being more exposed to ideal body images that may intentionally or unintentionally incite jealousy and envy towards other lifestyles (Jan et al. 2017 as cited in Kim & Kim, 2023). This may result in them having more body image concerns and lower self-esteem. As a result of this promotion of unrealistic beauty standards, people are more likely to be negatively affected by the dangerous concept of perfectionism. 
Another significant reason for the adverse impact can be the dependency on Instagram stories. Although, Instagram stories are temporary and available for a short time, however, the more time users spend on posting stories, the more prone they are to social comparison due to increased pressure (Brown and Tiggemann 2016 as cited in Kim & Kim, 2023). For instance, a smaller number of likes and comments on a post compared to the time spent on it may lead to a lack of satisfaction with their physical and facial appearances (Tiggemann et al. 2018 as cited in Kim & Kim, 2023). Such experiences of unsuccessful efforts and unmet expectations can cause negative emotions making the users more dependent on Instagram as it gets harder to stop comparing. Hence, they may feel less worthy which later may result in more depression and loneliness (Altuwairiqi et al., 2019 as cited in Lu & Lin, 2022). Therefore, dependency on Instagram stories can have both direct and indirect adverse impacts on users’ psychological well-being and social functioning.
Contrary to popular belief, Instagram isn't just a platform promoting social comparison. It can portray self-representation, creativity, and social engagements by bringing people together. It reduces miscommunications and enhances social sharing (Vaterlaus et al., 2016; Flecha-Ortíz et al., 2019 as cited in Lu & Lin, 2022). Moreover, study shows that people are less likely to engage in social comparison and may have fewer body image concerns due to the short durability of Instagram stories (Tiggemann et al. 2018 as cited in Kim & Kim, 2023). When it comes to social comparison, users also tend to show their true selves more often online because the information shared on the internet is short-lasting (Punyanunt-Carter et al., 2017 as cited in Lu & Lin, 2022). While some believe that upward and downward comparisons can lead to negative social comparisons, upward comparison often impacts their self-assessments and self-esteem, as they aspire to enhance their self-evaluation and downward comparison often results in a psychological uplift, enhancing the individual's mental state (Collins, 1996; Wills, 1987 as cited in Kim & Kim, 2023). However, the upward comparison caused by positive feedback from friends and relatives may lead to social media addictiveness (Punyanunt-Carter et al., 2017; Young, 1999 as cited in Lu & Lin. 2022). Moreover, users who have FOMO (fear of missing out) tend to be more addicted to Instagram (Moore & Craciun, 2020 as cited in Lu & Lin, 2022). This addiction can increase the feeling of depression and behavioral issues (Young, 1999 as cited in Lu & Lin, 2022). Moreover, this addictive nature of social media may trigger the perception of judgment from other people causing more body image concerns, unsuccessful efforts to seek attention, and a perceived absence of acceptance from others (Blight, Jagiello, & Ruppel, 2015; Weinstein, 2018; Yang, 2016 as cited in Lu & Lin, 2022). Consequently, the general well-being of the users is distorted.
Despite its beneficial impacts such a self-representation and showcasing creativity, Instagram can still have an adverse effect on the psychological well-being of it’s users. It can lead to social comparison that affects the self-esteem of the users and raise body image concerns. Thus, the users must be aware of the potential risks associated with the use of Instagram because ultimately, it’s the individuals who controls the mental health.
Abstract
This paper explores the change in market share of the competing companies when new products are launched in the market using the data from the World Bank Enterprise Survey (WBES). The aim is to find out whether rolling out new products end up taking away some market shares of their rivals and to explore how this happens by using different econometric methods, especially binary regression analysis, the study carefully takes into account of different factors, such as the size of the company, how they make use of technology, their access to loan credit and their sales performances, which were seen to have most influences. The findings indicate that introducing new products have not always been effective in shifting competitors’ market share, although the size and employee number had some effect. However, key elements like how well a company adopts new technologies and whether it has good financial backing are significant in gaining a competitive edge through innovation. Overall, this research sheds light on how innovation drives competition in global markets, providing valuable insights for businesses looking to boost their market presence with new product introductions.
Keywords: Causal inference, new product launch, market share, competitors, World Bank Enterprise Survey, econometrics, binary regression, innovation, omitted variable bias.
Introduction
Innovation is the most important and deciding factor in a competition. By launching new products you not only gain market share but also influence competitors’ market positions. This paper explores the probability of that and whether there is a causal relationship between innovation and market power using the World Bank Survey Data (WBES).
While researches have tried to figure out the effect of new products on firm’s market position, fewer studies have focused on their impact on competitors. Understanding this relationship is very important for different business strategies in a dynamic market. The WBES dataset gives the most important firm-level data across several countries, although challenges like missing values and null entries need careful handling to get the most accurate results.
The study uses binary regression analysis to examine the causal effect of new product introductions on competitors' market share by controlling for factors like firm size, credit access, technology usage, and annual sales. These causal inference techniques are often used to find the true effect of one factor on another by addressing potential confounders. This approach aims to reduce omitted variable bias, ensuring accurate results. We have also made some important assumptions.
Although handling the missing data was challenging, this analysis have been conducted and will contribute to better understanding of how market power of competitors are influenced by innovation. By examining the interplay between product innovation and market share dynamics, the paper aims to provide insights for firms and policymakers seeking to promote competitive, innovative industries.
Background Section of Research Paper
This research paper delves into the various economic and business factors that can impact a firm's performance and the dynamics of the market. A significant focus is placed on how new product launches and technological advancements affect competitiveness. By using a dataset that includes a variety of categorical variables, the study sheds light on both internal operations and the broader competitive landscape. One key aspect is firm size, determined by the number of employees, which helps us understand how scale can influence market behavior and innovation. Annual sales figures are also analyzed to gauge a firm's financial health and competitive strength. Additionally, the number of full-time employees—adjusted for certain factors—offers insights into labor intensity within the firm. The research employs a binary variable to indicate whether a firm has access to credit or loans, which speaks to its financial flexibility and potential for growth. The study zooms in on firms that have launched new products or services in the last three years, serving as a measure of their innovation strategies, while also considering how well they target their main market. Moreover, the introduction of improved processes is examined for its role in boosting productivity and efficiency. Investment in research and development (R&D) is highlighted as a vital commitment to innovation. To add further context, the paper takes into account competitors' market shares, illustrating how a firm’s actions can shape the overall competitive environment. Ultimately, these combined variables provide a well-rounded perspective on what drives firm performance in competitive markets. The findings underscore the significant relationship between innovation, competition, and success, offering valuable insights for businesses looking to thrive in global markets.
Data Cleaning Process
The data cleaning process for the n_data dataset involved transforming categorical variables into numeric values, addressing missing values, and ensuring consistency across columns. For categorical variables such as "Has_A_Line_Of_Credit_Or_Loan," "Use_Foreign_Technology," and "New_Products_3Y," the values were coded as binary (0 or 1) based on specific conditions. Missing values (NA) were treated as zeros, and negative values in the dataset were replaced with zero to maintain data integrity and avoid skewing the analysis. This was particularly relevant for columns such as "Total_Annual_Sales" and "Firm_Size_Categories," where negative or missing entries would otherwise distort the results. After applying these transformations, the data was formatted consistently, ensuring that each variable was appropriately structured for analysis.
The summary statistics of the cleaned dataset reveal some insightful trends across the variables. The "New_Products_3Y" variable has a mean of approximately 1, indicating that most companies introduced new products in the last three years. Similarly, "Improvements_3Y" and "R&D_Expenditure_FY" show that the majority of firms have been actively involved in new processes and R&D. The "Firm_Size_Categories" variable, which represents company size based on the number of employees, ranges from 1 to 115,810, with a median value of 19.25, reflecting a wide diversity in firm sizes. "Total_Annual_Sales" exhibits significant variation, with values spanning from very small to extraordinarily large figures, highlighting disparities in the scale of operations among the firms. "Market_Share_of_Competitor" ranges from 0 to 100, with a mean of 9.489, suggesting a generally low market share for most competitors, though some firms dominate. "Has_A_Line_Of_Credit_Or_Loan" and "Use_Foreign_Technology" are binary variables, with high proportions of companies indicating they either have a line of credit or use foreign technology, as evidenced by their means close to 1.
Through these steps, we ensured that the dataset was clean, consistent, and ready for further analysis, allowing for more reliable insights into the economic relationships at play.
Methodology
In this study, I employed econometric techniques to explore the relationships between firm behaviour, particularly focusing on the impact of introducing new products and services on the market share of competitors. To achieve this, I used regression analysis to model the relationships between the variables in the dataset.
The primary focus of the analysis was to examine the causal effect of introducing new products or services on the market share of competitors. For this, I formulated the following regression model:
	"Market Share of " 〖"Competitor" 〗_i=β_0+β_1 ("New Products\/Services" )_i
                     + β_2 ("Firm Size" )_i+β_3 ("R&D Expenditure" )_i+β_4 ("Technology Usage" )_i+ε_i
Note: "Market Share of " 〖"Competitor" 〗_i is the dependent variable representing the market share of the competitor for firm i, ("New Products\/Services" )_i is the independent variable of interest, indicating whether firm i has introduced new products or services, ("Firm Size" )_i, ("R&D Expenditure" )_i, and  ("Technology Usage" )_i are additional explanatory variables that account for firm characteristics that may influence market dynamics, β_0 is the intercept, β_1,β_2,β_3,β_4  are the coefficients to be estimated, and ε_i is the error term, capturing the unobserved factors affecting the dependent variable.
To ensure the validity of the regression results, I verified the key assumptions underlying the model. First, the assumption of linearity was examined to confirm that the relationship between the dependent variable (Market Share of Competitor) and the independent variables (New Products/Services, Firm Size, R&D Expenditure, and Technology Usage) is linear. Second, the independence of observations was checked to ensure that the data points do not influence one another. Third, the homoscedasticity assumption was tested to confirm that the variance of the error terms remains constant across all observations. Finally, the normality of errors was assessed to verify that the error terms follow a normal distribution. These checks were crucial to ensure the robustness and reliability of the regression analysis.
I used ordinary least squares (OLS) regression to estimate the model parameters. The OLS method minimizes the sum of squared residuals to find the best-fitting line for the given data.
To test the hypothesis that introducing new products or services reduces the market share of competitors, I used the following regression equation:
〖MarketshareofCompetitors=β_0+β_1×New Products (Last 3 Years)+ε〗_i
Note: Where Market Share of Competitori is the dependent variable, and New Products (Last 3 Years)i is the key independent variable.
Main findings
The regression analysis conducted on the effect of introducing new products in the last three years (New_Products_3Y) on the market share of competitors provides valuable insights into the relationship between these variables, while also controlling for other factors such as firm size, total annual sales, use of foreign technology, and access to financial resources like loans or credit lines. Across all models, the coefficient for New_Products_3Y remains positive but statistically insignificant, with p-values ranging from 0.1680 to 0.2540. This indicates that, based on the data analyzed, there is no strong evidence to suggest that the introduction of new products in the past three years has a significant impact on the market share of competitors. Despite the positive relationship observed in the coefficient, the lack of statistical significance suggests that new product introductions do not directly influence competitors’ market shares in a meaningful way within this sample.
In contrast, the analysis of control variables reveals some notable findings. Firm size, as represented by the variable Firm_Size_Categories, does not appear to have any substantial effect on the market share of competitors. The coefficients for firm size across all models are small and statistically insignificant, with p-values ranging from 0.666 to 0.7579. Similarly, total annual sales, included in the models as a potential control, also exhibit no significant relationship with competitors' market share. The very small and statistically insignificant coefficients, with p-values above 0.4, suggest that the scale of a firm’s sales is not a determining factor in shaping the market share of competitors.
However, the use of foreign technology (Use_Foreign_Technology) stands out as a significant determinant in the analysis. In the subset of data where "Improvements_3Y" equals 1, the coefficient for this variable is both large and statistically significant, with a p-value less than 0.001. This indicates that firms that utilize foreign technology are more likely to experience a higher market share relative to competitors, suggesting that technological advancement plays a key role in maintaining competitive advantage. On the other hand, access to financial resources, measured by the variable Has_A_Line_Of_Credit_Or_Loan, shows no significant impact on the market share of competitors, as the p-values for this variable are consistently above 0.3 across all models.
While the introduction of new products in the last three years does not appear to significantly affect competitors’ market share, the use of foreign technology emerges as a critical factor influencing market dynamics. Other control variables, such as firm size, total annual sales, and financial access, do not show statistically significant effects, suggesting that these factors may not be crucial in determining market share in this particular dataset.
 Coming to the issue of omitted variable bias, which arises when a model fails to include relevant variables correlated with both the dependent variable and other independent variables, leading to biased and inconsistent coefficient estimates. To mitigate this in the econometric model, control variables such as "Firm Size Category (Based on Employees)", "Annual Sales (Last Fiscal Year)", "Full-Time Employees (Adjusted)", "Technology Usage", and "Has Line of Credit/Loan" were included. These variables were intended to account for factors influencing the market share of competitors and reduce bias from their omission.
The omitted variable bias formula is expressed as:
(β_1 ) ̂=β_1+Cov(X_1,u)/Var(X_1 ) 
Note:  (β_1 ) ̂ is the estimated coefficient for the variable of interest (in this case, the introduction of new products/services),  β_1 is the true coefficient, X_1 is the independent variable (such as "New Products/Services (Last 3 Years)"), u is the error term, and Cov(X_1,u) is the covariance between the independent variable and the error term.
This formula indicates that (β_1 ) ̂will be biased if omitted variables are correlated with both X_1and the dependent variable (market share of competitors).
For instance, firm size and annual sales are relevant because they likely correlate with a firm's ability to introduce new products and its market position. Larger firms may have more resources to launch products, impacting their competitive advantage and market share. Omitting these could bias estimates of the effect of new product introductions. Similarly, "Full-Time Employees (Adjusted)" and "Has Line of Credit/Loan" reflect a firm's financial and operational capacity, which may influence both product innovation and market performance.
Despite including these controls, the model shows weak explanatory power, with low R-squared values and insignificant coefficients for "New Products/Services (Last 3 Years)". This suggests that while controlling for omitted variables reduces bias, the data does not strongly support a significant effect of new product introductions on competitors' market share. Other unobserved factors, such as market conditions, consumer preferences, or competitor actions, may play a stronger role.
Conclusion
In summary, the econometric model doesn’t convincingly show that launching new products actually leads to a decrease in competitors' market share. The overall weak performance of the models, coupled with the lack of significant results for the key factor (the introduction of new products and services), and the very low R-squared values indicate that the data isn't particularly well-suited to answer this research question. Even though we tried to include control variables to avoid bias from omitted variables that could impact the relationship between new product launches and market share, the weak fit and insignificant results suggest that the model needs further refinement. The low explanatory power hints that there might be other important variables that we haven’t considered in this analysis and that could be affecting the outcomes. Future research could benefit from incorporating additional relevant variables or experimenting with different econometric techniques to more accurately explore how new product introductions impact market share shifts. 
The journal “How Many Steps/Day Are Enough? Preliminary Pedometer Indices for Public Health” was written by Tudor-Locke and Bassett in 2004. It tries to find out the relationship between pedometers and people by comparing the steps per day of different age groups. Furthermore, it indicates that pedometers provide correct guidelines, hence, they can be used as a guide for adults to stay active and healthy Besides, it suggests an argument that the number of steps taken per day should be 10,000 for adults to take daily.
The journal tried to inform about various advantages of using pedometers, such as less body fat, lower blood pressure, etc. It discussed the drawbacks of being inactive which may cause obesity and overweight. The lack of a specific number of steps to follow is due to varying goals among age groups. The article mentions that elderly people and those who have chronic diseases normally take 3,500-5,000 steps on average per day, (Yamanouchi et al.) whereas it is 6,559 ± 2,956 steps per day for healthy adults despite attending structured exercise classes (Wilde et al.). This clearly indicates that having a universal daily step goal may not be appropriate for everyone because everyone has different needs, abilities, and limitations. Thus, the step goals need to be tailored based on a person's specific circumstances, such as age, fitness level, and health objectives.
Besides that, pedometers do not take other factors into consideration such as physical exercises. It stated that doing moderate physical activities for 30 minutes can burn up to 150 kilocalories of energy (Iwane et al.). Additionally, it says pedometers cannot distinguish between different levels of physical activity intensity. [11]. This can mean that data are inaccurately collected. Thus, the journal advised future researchers to collect more quality data, include more health-related indices, and use more effective and practical software to eradicate this problem. [16,17].
To conclude, pedometers require more digital adjustments as it can be difficult to set a specific step goal and track all the physical activities using the pedometers. Also, pedometers lack data accuracy which needs to be solved completely to provide more accurate guidelines. The journal ends with an indication that it can be helpful for future researchers to explore more about physical activities and pedometers.
Russ Curtis and his collaborators (2020) published an informative overview of the analysis on psychotropic substances and its effectiveness on depression and suicides upon implications, besides, highlighting the need and guidelines for mental health counselling in the psychedelic-assisted therapy on this article.
Alongside the descending level of life expectancy due to the sky-touching rates of mental health and drug overdose issues (Curtis et al.,2020, as cited in Bernstein, 2018), the challenges that the researchers found were, antidepressant drugs don’t seem to be having any impact on users ((ADMs; Pratt et ah, 2011) and people using antidepressants not consulting the counsellors (Curtis et al.,2020, as cited in Pratt et al., 2011). 	
While most of the psychedelic medications are used for mental health conditioning, it was mainly created for entertainment purposes, some were later prohibited due to abuse even after proved efficient. However, from research in past few decades, some major psychedelics that were reintroduced for psychedelic treatment are, Ketamine – apart from drawbacks such as Hypertension, Nausea, it was operative in reducing suicidal thoughts and improving neuroplasticity (Dore et ah, 2019; Lent et ah, 2019), Methylenedioxymethamphetamine – MDMA reduces PTSD symptoms and trauma by enhancing brain and controlling emotions, despite causing depression, insomnia, and physical discomfort itself (Gamma et ah, 2000; Amoroso, 2015; Mithoefer et ah, 2010; Cohen, 1995), Psilocybin – produced in mushrooms and is a promising treatment for depression, addiction and suicidal thoughts which also has a tolerable side effects(Gable, 2004; (Griffiths et al., 2016; Johnson et al., 2018). 
Psychedelic medications combined with counselling principles are inseparable. General psychedelic counselling skills overlap with creating a suitable environment, having a friendly and trustable relationship, efficient monitoring, and co-therapy (Phelps, 2017). In addition to psychedelic-aided treatments, counsellors should not only maintain access to medical backups (e.g., Bogensehutz et ah, 2015; Emerson et ah, 2014; Johnson et ah, 2008), but also exclude clients with psychosis history and negative effects from past drug use (Phelps, 2017).
With the undergoing gradual development research and FDA-certified trials, psychedelic-aided therapy proved efficacious in aiding people to recover from mental and emotional well-being, specifically, suicidal thoughts and depressions and may enhance creativity and productivity by expanding neurological networks. Thus, counsellors and counselling profession must actively embrace this new trend.
In his book ‘The Consolation of Philosophy’, Lady Philosophy provides arguments about the relationship between virtue, happiness, and the punishment of the wicked. She argues that sinners will always be punished and can never achieve whatever they desire and in contrast, good things always happen to good people even from the bad fortune. This theory can be used to analyse the transformative journey of the main character in the movie ‘Groundhog Day’. 
In the movie directed by Harold Ramis, a weather forecaster, Phil Conner, gets stuck in a city named Punxsutawney. He enters a never-ending loop of time which Lady Philosophy would describe as a ‘False Freedom’. This is because, he had been diverted from the true path of happiness by his actions. At first, started becoming more selfish and used his repeated experiences from the time loop as his advantage to fulfil his desires such as developing a relationship, making better choices etc. However, he got increasingly bored, and unhappy with time. Then at last, Phil realises that the key to happiness lies in letting go of his self-centeredness and helping others. This led to a positive transformation in his character, and he breaks the time loop.
Lady Philosophy mentioned that bad men are weak and powerless. This can be justified with the primary phase of the movie, where Phil is selfish, and lack of compassion made him morally and emotionally weak. She also mentioned that whatever the wicked desire can only bring them misery and by having the power to fulfil them makes it worse (Book IV, IV). She argues that the wise can only achieve true happiness as the wicked are always after temporary sources of happiness (Book III) and fail to reach happiness (Book IV, II). Although they know what they should aim for, they are still led by the pursuit of pleasure and become weak due to their inability to exercise self-control (Book IV, II). And when they abandon goodness, according to Lady Philosophy, they sink to the level of animals (Book IV, III). Thus, this selfishness can play an important role in Phil’s overall state of unhappiness.
Lady Philosophy stated, ‘When this plan is thought of as in the purity of God’s understanding, it is called Providence, and when it is thought of with reference to all things, whose motion and order it controls, it is called by the name the ancients gave it, Fate.’ (Book IV, VI). What she meant was that everything happens for a divine reason and God knows that. Even if we do not know the reason, God makes sure that everything happens right (Book IV, V; Book V, I). Everyone is given a choice, a chance to correct themselves. Although Fate can be cruel, God punishes the bad by putting them in a never-ending loop of satisfaction that eventually leads to dissatisfaction (Book V). Moreover, Lady Philosophy explains that, whoever choses the wrong path and fall short to exceed their fortune, do not receive any rewards for their efforts. The only purpose of adversity, aside from discipline and correction, is punishment, so that they can make the right choice in life (Book IV, VII). In the movie ‘Groundhog Day’, the situations of Phil were somewhat similar. He was put into the time loop so that he could understand the true meaning of his life. His temporary sources of satisfaction once turned into a source of misery. 
Consequently, Phil changed his motives of life. He started using his sources of unhappiness to help people, solving their daily problems and at the same time being loved by everyone. Lady Philosophy would explain this situation with line, ‘Goodness is happiness, and therefore it is obvious that all good men obtain happiness in virtue of their being good (Book IV, III).’, which means that Phil's decision to use his sources of unhappiness for the greater good has brought him happiness and contentment because he is now living a virtuous life. Lady Philosophy also mentioned that, good benefit from bad fortune in several ways. She stated, "Some people are excessively afraid of suffering for which they actually have the endurance; others are full of scorn for suffering they cannot in fact bear. Both kinds she brings to self discovery through hardship." This suggests that bad fortune can lead to self-discovery and the strengthening of virtues. She also mentioned, "For you who are set on the path of increasing virtue have not come so far only to abandon yourself to delights or languish in pleasure. You are engaged in a bitter but spirited struggle against fortune of every kind, to avoid falling victim to her when she is adverse or being corrupted by her when she is favourable." This indicates that facing bad fortune can be a part of the struggle to increase virtue and avoid being corrupted by favourable circumstances. Therefore, good can benefit from bad fortune by using it as an opportunity for self-discovery, strengthening virtues, and as a part of the struggle to increase virtue. (IV, VII). This suggests that Phil was happy at the end because he found true happiness through virtue. By accepting selflessness and using his experiences to help others, Phil was able to break free from the false freedom he experienced during the time loop. 
The contrasting perspectives of Boethius and Epicurus on happiness shows different ways in which people define and pursue happiness. While Boethius puts importance into the role of moral virtue, divine providence and fate, Epicurus argues that happiness can be achieved fulfilling desires and minimizing pain. Although he put less importance on desiring luxiruos items, his perspective had a significant emphasis on inner peace and happiness. In the case of Phil, who was prioritising material wealth such as relationships and success, Epicurus would warn him to place too much emphasis on external achievements and material possessions. Phil in the movie was happy at first as he could simply achieve whatever he wanted; this may make fulfil his needs and provide him temporary happiness. This supports Epicurus’s theory to achieve happiness except for virtue.
The movie ‘Groundhog Day’ provides a journey that reflects the ideas of Boethius’s book, ‘The Consolation of Philosophy’. It gives arguments on the arguments made by him, where he suggested that, sinner will never go unpunished. They will be punished in their own way. For them the power to achieve everything will be their punishment. Even though they can achieve everything, they will still be unhappy. On the other hand, good people who choose to accept everything and know that everything happens for a divine reason, will find it as a source of happiness. Even in their problems they will find them being tested and find a way to learn. Consequently, they will reach happiness. They will chose to follow the path shown by god and virtue as Lady Philosophy mentioned that, the reward for the good is to become gods.  
The videos and the article talks about a practice that has been legalized in Canada in 2016, Medical Assistance in Dying (MAID). This practice basically provides medical assistance to people has consents to die because of incurable disease or endless suffering without feeling pain. This raised some ethical and social issues. While some say that everyone has the right to choose how they want to die, others say that MAID has some significant impact on the mental health of the patients and I believe that MAID should be delegalized. MAID has been planning to work on people with mental illness. Now one question that comes to my mind is — Can they make rational decisions? If not, then it is a clear violation of the rules and what they call “Death with Dignity” and in that case, I believe, more effort should be given to boosting their mental health support rather than ending their lives. Moreover, I believe, MAID is making people commit suicide much easier by saying it is painless. This can encourage people who are ready to fight back. Thus, I think it is similar to suicide as both involve the consent of the patient. Although doctors have given a medical certificate saying the disease is incurable, they have been wrong in uncountable cases. And there is always a 50-50 chance that the patient may survive the disease. This is the same as financial difficulties as well. Take India’s prime minister, Narendra Modi as an example; not too long ago he was a tea seller, and now he has become the prime minister of a well-known country like India. This means you never know the wheel of fortune. It can change in the blink of an eye. Lastly, Canada has spent over $12.4 billion assisting Ukraine to rebuild its infrastructure. Could this amount not be spent on the country’s housing, homelessness, and disability benefits, which are just over $1200/month? This could help people to get relief from their suicidal thoughts and get them out of their misery. Overall, I believe, MAID should not be practiced, and Canada should find an alternative to help people financially and with mental support.
The Affordable Care Act (ACA) was introduced in the United States in 2010. One part of this act requires to have an insurance that covers the cost of contraception (Dalen et al. 2015, p. 807).  This had created a controversy regarding ethical and religious aspects, especially regarding violations of religious beliefs. These controversies further elevated when the Vice President Kamala Harris suggested expanding the coverages of contraception, such as abortion, euthanasia, and post-birth infanticide and making them more affordable birth control options using the taxpayers' money (Harris 2024; Seariac 2024). March for Life Education and Defence Fund, a nonprofit organization that advocates the pro-life movement, raises voice for the proposed policy. They argue that their money should not be used on services that oppose their moral point of view. On the other hand, are the people who argue for the right to access reproductive healthcare (March for Life Organizers, 2015). 
The protestors refer to The Hyde Amendment in 1976 which states that taxpayers should not fund for services that contradicts their moral or religious beliefs except for the cases of life endangerment, rape, or incest (Von Hagel & Mansbach, 2016, p. 156). This conflicts with the United Nations’ Rights to Sexual and Reproductive Health that states that women has reproductive and sexual health right that include the right to life, liberty and the security of the person and of course the focus is on the rights to autonomy and privacy (Shalev 1998). The main issue here is whether it is right to force people to pay for the actions that they believe are morally wrong.
This paper will explore the moral and ethical side of both protestors rights of conscience in not funding contraception and the fundamental rights of access to healthcare. I will argue that it limits people's ability to make their own moral choices, reduces trust in government, and goes against important principles of fairness. In the end, I will try reaching a solution exploring the inconsistencies involved and defend the solution proposed.
Rights in Conflict: 
At the heart of the debate is the conflict between two rights, the collective responsibility to access healthcare, and the moral autonomy and religious beliefs. On one hand, women argues that the access of healthcare is their fundamental right and it is written in many laws and policies like in UN. They presuppose that healthcare is a fundamental right and it should be provided for cheaper as it is also highly connected with their reproductive autonomy as well as gender equality and social benefit. Ensuring the proper access to healthcare protects public health, reduces inequality between men and women, and ensures that people can live healthier and more productive lives (Heise et al., 2019). They believe that healthcare as a right should get priority over any moral objections because the well-being is a necessity for all the members in a society. They also argue that the money will be spent on the public goods with equal access for everyone, regardless of their moral views. It is a shared responsibility which is done through protestors’ tax funding (Loewenson and Mukumba, 2023). It is beneficial to the society as it prevents unwanted pregnancies, reduces the spread of disease, and improves overall health outcomes (Rice et al., 2020). The posits that denying access to these services based on moral objections from a minority group will reduce the societal benefits. Moreover, reproductive rights are very closely related to gender equality. More equality will give them more freedom as well as help them to be saving them from the trap of unintended pregnancies. This will allow them to continue their studies and participate fully in the society as men (Berch, 2023).  Another important argument made was about the right to bodily autonomy which is the power to control and decide about contraceptive use, pregnancy, and childbearing when questioned about the moral sides of using contraceptives (Nguyen et al. 2019, p. 1). Immanuel Kant puts forward the importance of individual autonomy and asks to treat people as an end in themselves, not merely as means. According to him, everyone has intrinsic value and has the right to make their own decisions. This principle shows the importance of moral actions based on the respect for others. Later, his idea was supported by John Finnis, who argues that human life is intrinsically valuable, and this value is self-evident (Paterson, 2003). This means that it has value, and it is independent of any external factors or outcomes. As similar view was given by John Mill. He also argues that no one should be interfered by the societal norms or legal restrictions that dictates on how they live.
On the other hand, the protestors put more importance on life presupposing that life is valuable and they should not be associated with destroying God’s most supreme gift. They ask for their right to freedom of conscience, claiming they are not obliged to fund contraceptives and abortion services that goes against their personal or religious beliefs (Von Hagel and Mansbach, 2016, p. 155). Freedom of conscience allows people to express their personal and religious beliefs and seen as a legal right in many countries that protects one from discrimination and punishment of their beliefs. The argue that it violates the natural law. Muslims and Christians believe that contraception interferes with the God’s will for human reproduction saying that sex has divine purposes that cannot be separated: having children and building a close and loving connection between married partners (Muniz Augusto Silva et al., 2024). Moreover, it violates the potential dignity of human being preventing a fertilized egg to become human. They equates this to the destruction of life. According to them, life is a gift from god, making it inherently sacred. It is the ability to think logically, make choices freely, and know right from wrong that makes us human being. Another important example can be found in the sayings of Pope John Paul II. According to him, the spread of using contraceptives may help promoting the “culture of death”, where life will have no value and human reproduction would become socially normalized. This prioritizes convenience over responsibility. It will reduce the sacredness of sex within marriage, turning it to more recreational.  It would weaken the moral fabric of society, where marriage and family would no longer serve as the foundation for a stable community, but instead become fragile and less meaningful (Newton, 2015, p.1). For example, in western countries, acceptance of contraception has increased the number of single parent households, lowered the marriage rates and increased very casual approach to sex. This is why their concern should be considered. Someone can refuse to follow certain laws as long as they have a valid reason as their moral obligations are higher than the laws. The protestors’ have the right to receive fair treatment from the government as the government has some moral obligations towards the citizens to protect their natural rights (Popovych 2023, p. 317). When they are forced to fund for the policies that contradict their beliefs, the citizens may feel that their personal convictions are being disregarded. This will lead to a loss of trust in government as they are being unjust to the protestors. 
Inconsistencies
However, all these arguments lead to some inconsistencies as well. Both the parties assume that it is the government’s role to consider their views only. They forget that both the collective rights and the individual freedom can coexist together without damaging other’s interest (Wall, 2007). Both the parties use their ideas on their advantage while ignoring more social ongoing issues. For example, the U.S. has spent millions and trillions of dollars to fund on military actions in countries like Iraq and Afghanistan for political reasons (Martin, 2011; Bilmes, 2013). In this case, the protestors are perfectly fine. They did not raise their voice against it, not even tried to stop that while people are dying. But when it comes to smaller issues like contraceptions, they protest. Aren’t they being biased here that leads to inconsistencies in their ideas?
Moreover, the protestors also fail to recognize the benefits of healthcare in cases where contraception prevents unintended pregnancies, reduces deaths among mothers and infants, and also prevents sexually transmitted infections (STIs). If they genuinely cared  about human dignity and the quality of life, they should also support policies that is beneficial to public health (Gomez, Fuentes, & Allina, 2014, p. 1). This creates another inconsistency in their arguments. 
 On the other hand, there are some contraceptives, especially the hormonal ones, can put women’s life in risk including health problems like blood clots, mood swings, depression, and long-term problems such as cancer or weakened bones. Non-hormonal ones can lead to copper IUDs, causing heavier periods (Bassuk and Manson, 2015; Roach et al. 2015). These information are often ignored when women argues for contraceptives and making choices. As it is the government’s responsibility to create a healthy environment for the citizens, these drawbacks creates inconsistencies from the women’s arguments. 
Additionally, when use of contraceptives comes to abortion, the discussion about women's control over their bodies often assumes that fetuses don’t have rights until they are born. However, according to pro-life movements and New Natural Law, if fetuses were given a partial right, the autonomy theory becomes inconsistent. This is because the women’s right to make her own choices clashes with the fetus’s right to live (Dawn, 1986, p. 599). 
The Resolution
The main objectives of a society should be based on contractualism which means to have a common good for everyone (Munoz-Dardé, 2006). That is why the natural laws were created. Choosing to provide funding for contraceptives only in cases where it is needed to protect someone’s health, for example, for patients with high-risk pregnancies, seems to be the best idea. This approach should also be supported by the protestors as they respects moral and religious beliefs of saving lives. From a practical perspective, this approach ensures that funds will be spent on where it is actually needed rather than a personal choice and will not contradict with moral beliefs and viewpoints that exist in the society. At times of high risks in pregnancy, contraceptives is not only necessary but also a matter of public health. Thus, this policy can also reduce the objections of women as it also respects the principles of women’s autonomy, without forcing the protesters to pay for it. This will also help to reduce potential inequalities by providing healthcare to families with low-income who primarily seeks for help from the government. 
Now questions might arise like as the tax contributions should be for common good, why are we allowing people to choose where they want to fund. Are we neglecting any social benefits if some people finds it objectionable? Well, although taxes are meant to be spent for common good, the society must be flexible enough to respect peoples opinion when it is morally right and to reduce controversies (Reilly, 1998). By allowing people to choose, we may actually encourage them give more taxes as people would feel that their financial contributions align with their values and beliefs (Lamberton, Neve, and Norton, 2018). By allowing them to choose, we are not only creating funds but also respecting their views. This means that public goods are still being served in a way that is more meaningful and consistent. 
The main purpose of taxation is to support the citizens and to ensure that public goods and services run properly (Muñoz López 2022). Another question might arise here, whether we are violating the rules of laws by giving them options to choose and whether selective funding should be the case for other issues. However, taxpayers and citizens have the right to raise their voice for their moral and ethical objections, especially, when it goes against their beliefs (Valenzuela, 2017). This allows the people practice their freedom of conscience. On the other hand, selective funding raises many complex concerns as it can create further concerns for people. To solve that, government should interfere and choose some selective and critical areas with the most conflicts to make available for selective funding, or maybe a contractualist approach proposed by John Rawl can be of use here. This approach suggests that everyone agree on a fair system where solutions are found by a bargain (Cudd, 2021). We assume that we don’t know whether we are a taxpayers, or woman or someone arguing for fetal rights as well as assume that players are rational and follow the rules selected. This should solve the issue. 
Another question might be whether this solution is neutral. Well, neutrality does not mean absolute neutrality. It does not mean treating everyone same, rather what is best for both parties. Any different treatment mustn't be arbitrary or unfair. It should be reasonable, fair, and align with the idea of justice. In this case, the solution can be partially on both sides meaning it has less flaws and can be interpreted as neutral to both sides. This balance allows both sides to come together and avoids favoring one of the sides over another.
Conclusion 
In conclusion, the conflict between the rights of protestors and women’s autonomy creates a moral and ethical dilemma that is not easy to solve. It's important to balance the right to access reproductive healthcare with the need to respect individual conscience. Funding where it is only necessary is one of the best solutions because this should satisfy both the parties including them in the discussion. The principles of contractualism and natural laws need to be evaluated when taking the decision to balance the common good for society as that is the moral aim and a flexible and just society can help achieve this. Mostly importantly, the decision has to be respected by both the parties to achieve this goal.
“A letter to myself in 2000”
Dear me in 2000,
Hey! You might be wondering why I am writing to you. Well, I am here to advise you on the life journey you will be starting soon. I believe you need this because once I wished that I had someone who would guide me in times of hardships. But then I realized, that if I were to have a guide, I would not be the me that I am today. One important lesson that I learned is, never to doubt yourself. Problems will come and go but do not lose yourself in life's never-ending problem circle. Just believe in yourself, take a deep breath, and start again if you fail. 
Another important lesson that I learnt is to never loose hope. In your journey, there will be times when you will feel overwhelmed or discouraged. Remember that, every challenge you face is an opportunity for success. Just try to learn something from every mistake that you make and lastly, try creating more connections with people. Your relationships with others will make your life better in ways you cannot imagine yet. 
I hope this letter helps you in your upcoming journey and  shape into the person you are meant to become.
With love and wishes,
Your Future Self
“Simplicity”
Get Rid: Toxic friendships, Commitments without joy, Negative self-talk, discouraging people, unnecessary clothing and shoes, social media apps, someone who lets you feel down, Boring Education, anger, 
Keep: Family, Good friends, Football, A loyal friend, Books, Phone, A mentor or advisor, meditation, Handwritten letters, Good Memories, kindness, 
Not Sure: Mixed-value relationships, childhood toys, unused skills like painting, Old workshop notes, Unapplied strategies, Past goals
“A Thank-you letter”
Dear Mother,
I am writing to express my heartfelt gratitude for the impact you have had on my life. I remember times when I was looking down on myself. It was you who changed me and my toxic thoughts. I remember when everyone else was shaming me for something I didn't do. It was you who has always supported me in the hardest time of my life. I will never forget the way you took the time to review my work, offered invaluable advice, or simply listened when I needed to talk. 
You have given me the courage and the inspiration that I needed to excel while you were in misery. I can never thank you enough for what you have done for me from giving birth to me till this day. I wish I had never disappointed you. I wish I could get the stars for the kindness and wisdom that you showed to me.
I hope I can meet you one day before I rest peacefully.
With love,
Eshan
“A Forgiveness Letter”
Dear friend R,
I am writing this letter to express my feelings and to begin the process of forgiveness. I apologize for holding it for this long, but now I have the chance to get rid of it forever. I am assuming that this letter will reach you. 
You remember the day when we were playing football and I unintentionally slipped and hit you on your legs. I am pretty sure that did not hurt you, but you still went on to file a complaint about me to the PE teacher. I thought we were very good friends. But your complaint cost me a lot. For you, I had to get a suspension, and as well as my parents were called to the principal's office. That day, I lost my respect in front of both my parents and principal who still thinks I am a bad person.
However, I choose to forgive you now, because I feel more relaxed now, as I realize that everyone can make mistakes, especially, at the age when we were children. Holding onto this resentment has only kept me tied to that pain, and I want to release it. By forgiving you, I am allowing myself to heal. I recognize that forgiveness is not about condoning what happened, but about freeing myself from the burden of anger and hurt. It’s about finding peace within myself.
Thank you for being part of my journey, even if it has been challenging.
Regards,
Eshan“DWDWD” - Do What you are Doing When you are Doing it.
Right now, I am going through a lot of study pressure. With my mind stuck on assignments, I also have to worry about my upcoming exams, especially, when I am a bit behind in my studies. Yet, I am trying to find peace.
Sensation: I can feel that I am sitting on my chair in front of my desk with a computer. I can feel the sounds of my keyboard and some distant conversation of my roommates. With a loaf on my shoulder, I am still trying to relax.
Feeling: I feel a bit frustrated when I think of my life right now. Apart from family pressure, I feel this is not what I have aimed for. I am wasting my potential in exchange of study loads 
Thought: I am currently focused on my works in my hand, trying to finish them as soon as possible. My thoughts align with aiming for something big, doing good for my society.
Actions: I feel like I have not taken the right actions in my life. I was always late in doing that. I wish I could be a bit more proactive and productive.
“In the Flow”
Every time I play football, I feel completely focused and truly myself. The moment I step onto the field, everything else fades away.
I wear my favorite jersey, comfy shorts, and my reliable cleats. The smell of fresh grass is in the air, and there's a buzz of excitement, especially when I’m with my friends.
When the game begins, I get totally wrapped up in the play. Every pass, sprint, and tackle feels natural. The ball seems like part of me, and I can easily predict what my teammates will do. Scoring a goal is thrilling, not just for me but for everyone cheering me on.
Time flies when I'm in the game. I feel energized, relaxed, and happy. In those moments, I think, "This is me.” Playing football isn’t just a pastime; it’s an important part of who I am, and I enjoy every moment on the field.
“MCM’ - Mess up. Clean up. Move on
I remember a time when one of my friends was in need. He couldn't pay his university fees. He came to me to ask for some money. At that time, I had some money saved for a future event which was within a month. I was very excited about that event so I decided to say no. He left without saying a word. He knew that I had some money saved, but I was afraid that he could return the money on time. I didn't want to miss the event. After a few days, I got to learn that he missed his deadline and now he had to defer a semester with some fines. I initially dismissed it, thinking he would get over it. But as days passed, I realized my action had hurt him more than I had anticipated.
This experience made me realize how my selfishness and fear influenced my choices. I got so caught up in my excitement that I didn’t think about what my friend needed. I learned that when someone is in need, they often want support and understanding, not just a practical solution. From now on, I plan to be more aware of other people's feelings. I’ve promised myself to approach situations with empathy and think about how my decisions impact those around me. This experience has motivated me to become a better friend.
“DID” - Do It Differently
I wake up at around 9:30 every morning. Then I brush my teeth and get freshened up to start my day. I take some moments to appreciate my hardwokr that has led me here. Then I have my breakfast. Sometimes I make my own breakfast which is usually bread and butter and sometimes I go to BU Fiesta. Then I go to class. Normally, I stay a bit out of focus, because I find a lot of things floating on my head. In the Then, after I finish my classes, I come home, a bit tired, and prepared to get ready to study. I study a bit and then have my dinner and study again. And finally, I go to sleep.
In situations where habit has the upper hand, I make a conscious intention to "Do It Differently." I practice with everyday choices, like where I sit for breakfast or how I spend my free time. I connect with my inner core and choose to act. From now on, I will do things differently, because now I understand that habits are bad for health. Doing things differently will allow me to not get attached to one thing. That's one of the most important traits of life.
Hearing and Listening; Poem writing
Paul Simon's lyrics from "The Sound of Silence" express feelings of disconnection in how people communicate and the loneliness that can happen even when others surround us. The contrast of talking without really communicating and hearing without truly listening shows a deep sense of isolation, suggesting that we often miss real understanding. It makes us think about how important it is to have genuine connections and to really engage with each other.
Golden leaves fall gently down,  
Landing softly on the ground.  
Kids are laughing all around,  
Joy and fun can be found.  
Birds sing as the sun goes low,  
Evening breezes start to blow.  
In this peaceful, quiet space,  
Autumn gives us a warm embrace.
“BELL” - Breathe. Expand. Listen. Look
The incident I can remember now happened with one of my closest friends. We were so close that we would share almost everything. But one day, I told my friend a top secret no one should know about. That would have cost me my respect and affected other friendships. Before that, she had never revealed my secrets. But at that time, it was very different. She shared it with someone, whom I was mostly worried about. That person got furious, terminated our friendship, and slapped me. I could feel my anger going down my veins. I wish my friend was in front of me. I would show my full wrath to her which I did and never talked to her after that.
As I close my eyes to visualize the scene, I feel my anger bubbling up at first. But then, I tried to calm down a bit which was not easy. However, I managed to overcome the anger and tried reasoning. I felt like, she might also have some reasons behind her sharing that I never tried to know. I feel guilty. I wish I could meet her right now and say, "I have forgiven you. Can you please forgive me?"
Your In-class Activity Reflection
In today's class, we were given 2 cards each one of them was about a need and the other one was about feelings. The two cards that I got were Transcendence and Warm. I feel like this has given me a little bit of understanding about what I am doing in my life. I am always thriving for going beyond my limit. With this activity, I feel like I got a new idea about achieving it. And warm represented the warm welcome that I got from my university when I arrived at BU. With my friends and Seniors beside me, I felt like this is my new home. 
After that we were asked to choose 2 cards from our group, one about Feeling and the other one was about Need. The cards that we chose were, inspired and gratitude. One of my group mates explained those cards in the context of our university. I felt exactly the same way. At least someone had a matching thought as mine. 
A Meal to Remember
In a cold evening of December, I sat down with my favourite people of the house. My uncles lived in different corners of the country and we would almost never met together since I was 9. That day was my cousin’s marriage ceremony and to surprise me and my parents, all of my uncles suddenly came to our house. I was so surprised and happy that I started crying. They came to console me and bought me some gifts. I said only gifts will not help, we need to do an activity together. We all agreed on cooking.
We made a few local curries and pizzas and a desert. We enjoyed a lot while cooking. Then we sat for eating. The rich aroma filled the air as laughter and stories flowed freely on the dinning table. We The main dish became a bit salty and everyone was laughing at me as I was in charge. But that felt like praise. I finally understood what I was missing. There is nothing more important than family.
“Practicing and Recognizing Kindness”
One thing that I learned in my life is that what goes around comes around. This basically means that if you do something good for people, one day you will get that back. If you do something bad, that is also going to follow you. Kindness is something that comes for free and should be shown to everyone. If someone makes a mistake, we should give him a second chance, not humiliate him in front of others. This is because, that person also has some good qualities in them that can help you at the time of your need. Have you heard of the lion and mouse story where the mouse mistakenly wakes the sleeping lion and the lion forgives the mouse and then one day when the hunter tried to catch the lion with a net, the mouse was there to help? 
This can also happen to us but in a different way. Thus, we need to be more kind and understand the value of it. Remember, kindness is also a characteristic of God and those who follow God with find eternal peace.
“A letter to myself 2033”
Dear future and healthy me,
As I start writing this letter, I wonder what life looks like for you now. Have you made it there? Are you alive? If not, then maybe this letter will also be in the trashcan just the ones I wrote to my friend Haris. 
But let’s be optimistic. I hope you’ve grown into the person you always wanted to be. I hope you’ve embraced your health—both physical and mental. I hope you have gained some weight though. Because skinny you are not that good looking. Also I hope you have found a new group of friends with whom you are having a great time.
How is mom doing by the way? It feels like a decade since have met her. I hope you have already met her and shared your grief. Mom used give me the best advice, but as I don't meet her, I wish you would come back from time to teach me how you have dealt with difficulties. I hope you have found a loophole in time and soon come back to see me. I will wait to meet you. 
Warm regards,
Eshan
The Reflection
In this course, we were taught a lot of daily life skills to stay happy and healthy. This visual diary is just an example of that. Here we note down the graz that we hold back and try to build a deep connection between our mind and our body. This is because our daily activities reflects on the well-being of our mind. If our body is healthy, our mind will also be good. In this course, we learned theories that are connected to our daily life, for example thanking life, appreciating art and others works, eating healthy, controlling emotions and practicing mindfulness. These things shows us that happiness always comes from the smallest of things.
One of the major ideas we explored was gratitude. We understood that being thankful to everything is not just a temporary thing but a practice that helps us focus on the good things in our life. This helps us understand that we can always feel positive and improve our relationship with others as gratitude brings people closer. We also learned that appreciating others reminds us about the existence of beauty. This generates a sense of connection and empathy that helps us recognize creativity that others bring into our lives. Additionally, we learned that eating healthy is not only about gaining nutritions, rather about being mindful of what we consume. It not only affects our body but also our well-being in a positive way. Thus, we feel more energized and focused. Controlling emotions is another important lesson. We understood how the 7 chakras work and how managing emotions can lead to us becoming calmer and clearer state of mind. This way we can reduce stress and create a more peaceful live. These lessons not only helped me understand the true meaning of life but also helped me scheduling a daily routine.
Our visual diary represents a few experiences that we remembered and noted down. This helped us remember the moments when we regret and grew up. This represents commitment to practicing more of mindfulness and make us better person.


































